In your own terms, define the following terms:

    What is HTTP?
    The application level protocol that defines how web based applications communicate and exchange data.
    It governs the message structure between the web clients (that makes requests content or resources) and web servers
    (that are respond to those requests).


    What is a URL?
    Universal resource locator the address of a given unique resource on the Web

    What is DNS?
    domain name system. A system put in place where hostnames like google.com are resolved into corresponding
    ip addresses which are used to access and communicate with web servers

    What is a query string?
    Additional info att the end of a url that modifies the content on a webpage

    What are two HTTP verbs and how are they different?
    Also called request methods: 
    GET is a request method that asks for server data without changing or altering it any way. Arguments are usually passed through query string
    POST is a request method that changes data on the server. Arguments are usually passed through the body of the request

    What is an HTTP request?
    A request sent from a client to a web server to manipulate and/or get some data on a server. By using different  
    methods and coupling them with a header the server should be able to process different client requests and return the 
    desired information to that client. 

    What is an HTTP response?
    The web servers reply to a clients request. After the server processes and compiles the necessary data based on the 
    clients request, the data/content is sent back to the client and the server completes the request by including a status 
    code and the necessary header data.
    
    What is an HTTP header? Give a couple examples of request and response headers you have seen.
    A HTTP header is an optional set of data that can be included with any request or response. It provides additional data about
    a request of response. Examples of request headers are accept language and cookie. Examples of response headers are 
    content-type and date.
 
    What are the processes that happen when you type “http://somesite.com/some/page.html” into a browser?
    By using http I'm designating I want to send a http request to the server with the hostname somesite.com using default port 80.
    On that webpage I'm requesting the resource /some/page.html


    
    Using curl, make a GET request to the icanhazdadjoke.com API to find all jokes involving the word “pirate”
    https://icanhazdadjoke.com/search?term=pirate
    
    Use dig to find what the IP address is for icanhazdadjoke.com.
    104.21.37.176
    
    Make a simple web page and serve it using python3 -m http.server. Visit the page in a browser.
    

    